README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This project is for Carpark Booking application using React Typescript and Vite.


## Installation Steps (Frontend)

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies using `npm install`
3. Run the development server using `npm run dev`
4. Open http://localhost:5173 in your browser or the url that is displayed in your terminal


## Installation Steps (Backend)

1. cd into /backend directory
2. Create a .env file in the /backend directory and add the variables for the DB connection:

```
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432
DB_USER=postgres
DB_PASSWORD=postgres
DB_NAME=postgres
```
3. Install dependencies using `npm install`
4. Run the development server using `npm run dev`
5. Backend will be served at: http://localhost:3001


## Project Timeline

- [x] Installed ShadCN UI and TailwindCSS for quickly building UI and Form components 
- [x] Setup the project foler structure and components
- [x] Setup Booking Form component
- [x] Setup Bookings List component
- [x] Setup Postgres Database
- [x] Setup Express app in the /backend directory
- [x] Setup APIs for bookings and fetching bookings
- [x] Update BookingForm component to use the API with axios call
- [x] Update BookingForm component to handle form submission
- [x] Update BookingsList component to use the API with axios call
- [x] Update BookingsList component to display the bookings
- [x] Form Validation
- [x] Error Handling
- [x] Tests with vitest for BookingList component

Commit message:

added testing guide in readme

README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This project is for Carpark Booking application using React Typescript and Vite.


## Installation Steps (Frontend)

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies using `npm install`
3. Run the development server using `npm run dev`
4. Open http://localhost:5173 in your browser or the url that is displayed in your terminal


## Installation Steps (Backend)

1. cd into /backend directory
2. Create a .env file in the /backend directory and add the variables for the DB connection:

```
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432
DB_USER=postgres
DB_PASSWORD=postgres
DB_NAME=postgres
```
3. Install dependencies using `npm install`
4. Run the development server using `npm run dev`
5. Backend will be served at: http://localhost:3001


## Testing

1. Run the tests using `npm run test`
2. Run the tests in watch mode using `npm run test:watch`
3. Run the tests in UI mode using `npm run test:ui`


## Project Timeline

- [x] Installed ShadCN UI and TailwindCSS for quickly building UI and Form components 
- [x] Setup the project foler structure and components
- [x] Setup Booking Form component
- [x] Setup Bookings List component
- [x] Setup Postgres Database
- [x] Setup Express app in the /backend directory
- [x] Setup APIs for bookings and fetching bookings
- [x] Update BookingForm component to use the API with axios call
- [x] Update BookingForm component to handle form submission
- [x] Update BookingsList component to use the API with axios call
- [x] Update BookingsList component to display the bookings
- [x] Form Validation
- [x] Error Handling
- [x] Tests with vitest for BookingList component
